How It All Goes Down

What is your name?<name>

-Greetings and Salutations <name>, My name is PaLe and I am from the future. Your future. I know about your recurring dream and it’s time to do something about it. Or is it? 

-You wake up tomorrow to the same dream and decide to talk to someone about it. Who do you talk to?
(Choose the letter in (parenthesis) of your choice)
	A. Your trusty pet ‘(T)RUSTY’ that you trust with all your hopes, wishes, and dreams.
	B. Your BFF ‘(B)uffy’ that knows you the best and will always have your back.
	C. Some random person named ‘(R)andy’ you strike up a conversation with because you recognize his 	red ‘GA’ sticker
	—(A&B) They listen to you rant about your weird dream and console you the best way they know how. You are content for the moment and the future is rewritten. The end. Try again? (Y,N)
	—(C) Randy tells you that their sticker isn’t what you think it is. It’s the 30 day patch from Gamers Anonymous. They have devoted themselves to giving up their addiction to mobile gaming. You awkwardly smile and congratulate them. They are very appreciative of your support and leave you with a card and a bit of advice about your dream…

-Randy tells you, “Everyone has a ‘Personal Legend’ they must follow, and that you must listen to yours in order to seek your treasure.” This seems weird at first but you take solace in the fact that you don’t feel the same anxiety.  The card given to you is called the “UberLyft” and it grants its user unlimited rides to one of three cities. Yay! Which city do you travel to?
	A. (W)ashington DC is the closest to your current location and has really smart people. 
	B. (B)altimore, MD is the farthest and has really fun people. 
	C. (M)cLean, VA is beautiful and has really rich people.
	—(A) You are dropped off in the heart of the city close to a library and you’re feeling inquisitive. You decide to duck inside the library to learn more about how to achieve your personal legend. The books you find hold some very interesting information…
	—(B&C) The ride was awful and you lost the card and now you have to figure out another way to get home. Why did you go here anyway? Try again? (Y,N)

The first book you discover describes achieving Personal Legend status as attaining the most attention from social media and from people that add very little value to your growth. The second book is an old Self Help text that outlines, “If at first you don’t succeed, try, try again.” Before the library closes, you’re able to grab one final book called “Personal Legend: The life of Pirating on the high seas.” The checkout 
Little shepherd boy Santiago is headed to a town where he met a beautiful girl the year before, and is pretty ramped up about it. While camping out in an abandoned church with his sheep, Santiago has a recurring dream. He explains it to a Gypsy woman, like you do, who tells him that he must go to the pyramids in Egypt to find a hidden treasure.

Then Santiago runs into a mysterious old man named Melchizedek, who tells him that everyone has a Personal Legend they must follow, and that he must listen to omens in order to seek his treasure. He also gives him some handy-dandy stones that will help him know what to do when he can't seem to find answers—sort of like a Magic 8 ball, only less ambiguous.

Santiago sells his sheep and heads to Tangier, where he's promptly robbed of all his money. Undeterred, he gets a job selling glass, coming up with flashy marketing ideas that bring in all sorts of business. Once he's saved up enough money to cross the Sahara and get to the pyramids, he meets up with a caravan about to cross the desert on camels. Bonus: an Englishman in the group is headed to the Al-Fayoum oasis to meet an alchemist who will teach him how to turn any metal into gold.

So far everything's going smoothly, which obviously means that something bad has to happen. And it does. There are nerve-wracking rumors of war between desert tribes, and the caravan decides to chill in a handy oasis until the wars are over—meaning anywhere from weeks to years. Poor Santiago: so close to the pyramids and so very far.
He decides to help the Englishman find the alchemist. Luckily, the only person who will give him any info just so happens to be a smoking hot girl named Fatima, with whom Santiago promptly falls in love. When the Englishman goes to the alchemist he makes him start cooking up some lead as a first step towards becoming an alchemist himself, so he's pretty busy with that for the rest of the novel.

Santiago goes out into the desert where he has a vision of the oasis being attacked. He tells the tribal leaders, who decide to get ready to defend. One catch: if the oasis isn't attacked, they'll kill Santiago.

Surprise! The oasis is attacked, and the prepared men are able to defeat the raiders. That worked out well. The alchemist takes note of the new smarty pants in town and decides to help him reach the pyramids, but they're captured by yet another group of warriors as soon as they ride out on horseback across the desert. The alchemist has a solution: he tells them that Santiago will become the wind.

Uh, what? Santiago figures he might as well try, what with being captured, so he sits down, concentrates on the desert, and finally he … becomes the wind. Naturally, this scares the daylights out of the warriors, so they let him and the alchemist go on their way.

They finally arrive at a monastery, where the alchemist whips up some gold and divides it up before sending Santiago on to the pyramids. He digs where he's sure he'll find the treasure, but (of course) some punks come and beat him up and steal his gold. Give a guy a break, punks! Weirdly, one of them mentions that he once had a dream on that spot of a treasure buried in an abandoned church in Spain. Bingo! Santiago has his answer.
The book ends with Santiago digging up the treasure in the church where the whole story started and getting ready to head back to Egypt, where Fatima awaits. Gee, no way that could go wrong.


