Any path the user goes down must ask them at least three questions.
There must be a minimum of seven total destinations the user could arrive at based on their responses.
For at least one of the questions asked, there must be more than two possible user responses.
Your code must contain at least one loop.
Your code must make use of both string and number user inputs. > Hint: You may need parseInt() and toString()

Prompt: "Welcome to the Oasis! What would you like to name your avatar?"

Prompt: "Hi [name]! James Halliday has created an easter egg hunt for his $100,000,000 fortune. You may select one of the following participation options: 1. Join a Gunter Team; 2. Solo Play, or 3. Join the Sixers (Please enter corresponding number for your selection)"

If Gunter Clan is selected:
  Oh no! Parzival, Aech, Art3mis, Shoto and Daito all cracked the first clue. You need to find the copper key ASAP! Where do you want to look? Please select one of the following planets to search: 1. Pern; 2. Ludus (Please enter corresponding number for your selection).

  If Pern is selected:
    Oops, looks like there's nothing here! Would you like to check Ludus instead? 1. Yes; 2. No--I'm over this. (Please enter corresponding number for your selection)

    If Ludus is selected:
      Way to go! The Copper Key has been hidden on Ludus this whole time! Too bad you figured it out too late--Parzival already won the hunt. Nice try!

    If No--I'm over this. is selected:
      While you're on your way home, Parzival won the hunt! At least it wasn't the Sixers, right?

  If Ludus is selected:
    Good job! You've found the location of the copper key--but the Sixers found it first! They have the area blocked off. How would you like to proceed? 1. Bomb the Sixers and their forcefield!; 2. Turn around and go home. (Please enter corresponding number for your selection)

    If "Bomb the Sixers" is selected:
      Way to stand your ground! You annihilated an entire team of Sixers and broke through the forcefield. Too bad you didn't make it through soon enough--Parzival won the hunt! Oh well, it was fun while it lasted, right?

    If "Turn around and go home" is selected:
      While you're on your way home, Parzival won the hunt! Good thing it wasn't the Sixers, right?

If Solo Play is selected:
  After years of trying to figure out the first clue for the hunt, you think you've finally made a breakthrough! What planet would you like to search for the Copper Key? 1. Ludus; 2. Pern (Please enter corresponding number for your selection).

  If Ludus is selected:
    NICE! You figured out where the Copper Key is hidden and beat Acererak the Demi-Lich at Joust! Now on to the next challenge. What is the name of the 1983 movie with Matthew Broderick where his hacker-geek character saves the world from World War III? 1. WarGames; 2. Real Genius.

    If WarGames is selected:
      Awesome--you nailed it! You're cruising through the hunt and have zoomed past the Sixers to win the hunt! Enjoy your prize money!

    If Real Genius is selected:
      Aw man, nice try, but the correct answer was WarGames. While you were trying to figure out the answer, Parzival won the hunt!

If Sixers is selected:
  Interesting choice--you are now property of Nolan Sorrento. Your team is working on figuring out the answer to the first clue when Parzival's name appears on the leaderboard. Crap! You're falling behind! Where do you want to look first? 1. Ludus; 2. Pern (Please enter corresponding number for your selection).

  If Ludus is selected:
    Nice, you got it! Too bad Parzival, Art3mis, Aech, Shoto and Daito beat you to it. You need to catch up. What is your next move? 1. Block off the entrance to the Tomb of Horrors. There are no rules in the hunt, so it can't be cheating, right? 2. Move on and help Sorrento find the location of the Jade Key.

    If option 1 is selected:
      You were bombed by a Gunter Clan and died. Meanwhile, Parzival won the hunt! Sucks to suck, Sux0rs!

    If option 2 is selected:
      Nice try, but Parzival beat you to the punch and won the hunt! Down with the Sux0rs!
